www.cs.stevens.edu
==================
- Visual Traceroute
Starts from the UK, goes to Finland, then Switzerland and ends up in the
Newark/Hoboken area, and then Stevens. Some operators that the trace went
through were UpCloud, Telia (used by NJEdge apparently).

www.uni-marburg.de
==================
- Visual Traceroute
Starts from the UK, goes to Finland and back to the UK, then straight into 
Kansas. After Kansas, the rest end up in Germany. Again, UpCloud was seen in the
trace but CenturyLink and Deutsches Forschungsnetz (DFN) were also present.

www.uba.ar
==========
- Visual Traceroute
Starts from the UK, goes to Finland and back to the UK. After dropped packets
not being acknowledge, the trace eventually ends up in New York, then shoots
down to Paraguay and ends up in Buenos Aires, Argentina. UpCloud was seen again
in this trace as well as CenturyLink. Also, Claro was seen in this trace.


www.hawaii.edu
==============
- Visual Traceroute
Starts from the UK, goes to Finland and back to the UK. Then ends up in Southern
California, then moving to Northern California and then Honolulu. Unfortunately,
after the 9th hop, none of the following dropped packets were recognized. Again,
UpCloud, CenturyLink were seen again, and new operators such as CENIC and UH
Net were observed.

www.hku.hk
==========
- Visual Traceroute
Starts from the UK, stays in UK and then goes to Kansas. After Kansas, it goes
to Switzerland, then back to Kansas for a few hops, then to Hong Kong. It goes
down to Australia for one hop then back up to Hong Kong. After the 14th hop,
none of the following dropped packets were recognized. Some operators noticed
were Cogent Communications and City Telecom (www.ctinets.com).

www.du.ac.in
============
- Visual Traceroute
Starts in UK, goes to California, goes back to UK, then to Mumbai, India. After
the 7th hop, none of the following dropped packets were recognized. The
operators seen in the trace were Hurricane Electric and Reliance Globalcom.

www.usyd.edu.au
===============
The host (www.usyd.edu.au) redirected to https://sydney.edu.au/, so I ran the
traceroute on that domain instead.

- Visual Traceroute
Starts in UK, goes to Kansas, then Colorado (from the 5th-11th hops), then goes
to Western Australia, and then ends up in Sydney. Cogent Communications, NTT
Communications and AARNet were seen along the trace